1. Nutritional Activities
	The Barangay has their own monitoring system on the health status of their community recipients. They implemented different activities or
	programs such as Operation Timbang, Vitamin A and Deworming, Case Study, Pabasa sa Nutrisyon, Feeding Program, Salt Testing, Clean-up Drive,
	Trainings and Seminars. In this case, they are really monitoring the health of people who in their barangay especially the children within 
	their community.
	
2. Senior Citizens Organization
	They organized an institution for the oldies age sixty and above. The organization aims senior citizens within their barangay to become active 
	inspite of their ages. They have goals such as Senior Citizen and Developments which aims to keep informed and raise awareness of programs and
	activities, benefits for senior citizens in barangay, city, and national levels. Advancing Health and Well-Being into Old Age, to maintain good
	health and strong senior citizens: physical, emotional, and psychological. And Human Resources and Capability of Senior Citizens, to develop and
	improve capability and to conduct spiritual growth of the senior citizens.
	
3. Brgy. Camp 7 Satellite Market
	The barangay have their own market for the reason than it's far away from the town. So that people within their barangay have a quick access
	to buy something to cook for breakfast, lunch or dinner. The market also have stalls for "pasalubong" from Baguio City. It it a big help for the
	community which can lessen their time and effort going to the main market of the city.
	
4. Nominee for Best Implemented Barangay Nutrition Program
	Certificate of appreciation awarded to Camp 7 Barangay for their worthy initiatives and exemplary accomplishments.
	
5. 1st Place - Plot Garden Category
	In the "Search for Best Urban Vegetable Garden" and for actively implementing the nutrition program component on Community Food Production.
	
6. FINALIST - Best Performing Barangay
	Certificate of Participation to Camp 7 Barangay in the "Search for Best Performing Barangay" Representing District XIII.
